Docs: deploy-code file updated (#563)
BeccaLyria/discord-documentation: docs/deploy-code.md

# Run Your Version of Becca

> The next step is to invite your instance of Becca to your server. You can use the Discord Developer portal to generate an invitation link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to invite your instance of Becca to your server. You can use the Discord Developer portal to generate an invite link.
```

> ##Generating the link from dashboard in developer portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generating the link from dashboard in developer portal
```

> Go to [Application](https://discord.com/developers/applications) in the Discord Developer Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the [Applications](https://discord.com/developers/applications) page in the Discord Developer Portal.
```

> - Open the new application that you have created in previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open the new application that you created earlier.
```

- Click on `OAuth2` tab in the left panel.

> - In the scopes section click checkboxes with `applications.commands` (you can't run slash commands without it) and `bot`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the scopes section, select the checkboxes with `applications.commands` (allows your bot to register slash commands) and `bot`.
```

- In the bot permissions section click on checkboxes as stated in [set-permissions](./set-permissions.md) file.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Your choices should look like this:

![image of choices list](https://cdn.nhcarrigan.com/content/discord/becca-permissions.png)

```

Reviewer: Uploaded an image to our CDN for this. 🙂

> You can then copy the invitation link from the scopes section above using the `Copy` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then copy the invite link from the scopes section above using the `Copy` button.

```

> >It looks something like
> > `https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=CLIENT_ID_HERE&permissions=INTEGER_CODE_HERE&scope=applications.commands%20bot`
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
It looks something like: 

```txt
https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=CLIENT_ID_HERE&permissions=INTEGER_CODE_HERE&scope=applications.commands%20bot
```
````

Block quote format doesn't work here. Also, let's use a multi-line code block so we get horizontal scroll on the link.
